Juliana McCausland
EDA Project Proposal

Question/need:
- The question is essentially: how can [some nyc-based health insurance company] adapt its
health coverage policies to society's post-pandemic health demands? 
- In this scenario, a health insurance company is seeking information about its customers' commutes,
and their home environments (using covid-19 as a precedent for future outbreaks) to determine their
likelihood of exposure to contagious diseases, while also estimating potential changes in a customer's
desire for better/tweaked coverage depending on their experience with covid. Who benefits from this? 
The health insurance company benefits by having access to data that allows them to better serve their 
customers (in an ideal world...without hiking up premiums :)), which ultimately benefits customers. 

Data description: 
- The datasets I plan to use thus far are the provided MTA dataset, and a dataset with information about
the capacity of hospitals around NYC (https://healthdata.gov/Hospital/COVID-19-Reported-Patient-Impact-and-Hospital-Capa/anag-cw7u). 
The latter also indicates number of covid patients per hospital. 
So...a customer of the imaginary insurance company who lives in a neighborhood that has two nearby 
hospitals with high volumes of covid patients, and who also commutes during prime commuting hours
on packed trains, will be considered a higher-risk customer. This information will also help said
imaginary company estimate how likely that person is to *desire* better health coverage.
- There seems to be a lot more covid related data here: https://www1.nyc.gov/site/doh/covid/covid-19-data.page
so it's possible I'll add another dimension to this project as I progress. 

Tools: 
- I imagine that python/pandas/sql will be adequate. I don't think I'd need to do anything too fancy to 
the data to get the insights I'm looking for.

MVP Goal: 
- The absolute minimum would be to simply view the volume of people commuting through particular stations at particular times, 
so that the insurance company can compare that with commute information they gather from their customers. 
